we're here our Oulton Park one of the
true great british racing circuits is so
much history we've come to meet Jaguar
and be taught by a professional racing
driver and three at the latest jag
models which are the XF XJ and XK all of
which have the are branded sports
versions dxf is a multi-award winning
sports looms shall be customed seen on
our roads they've been selling
incredibly well and have a perfect
combination of sports looks and ride
with sophistication and practicality the
XJ is the largest of the three vehicles
and driving today and has a real
presence on the road it was great to see
this car making itself known in the
latest Bond movie this is a true luxury
executive saloon and is the car I am
most looking forward to get my hands on
the XK is the wild beast amongst the
pack with incredible performance style
and ultrafine 5-liter v8 it sounds
chilling around sharp bends of Alton
park before getting the keys to the XJ
and XK we have a look at the XF 3-liter
v6 diesel we wanted to put the car to
the test from a handling point of view
and this just demonstrates a Hanlon look
it does really yeah well the handling
and the braking are you happy yeah great
we'll go to the local verse 1 please yet
these new cars have a selection of
different electronical driving aids
dynamic Stability control sayreville
tronic steering active differential what
does any of this actually help push that
one there as you hold it you coming home
screen looks like going on it this is
dynamic moment right let's go left for
the first one
so you can actually feel it a little bit
stiffer you can yeah more like a go-kart
now than at the air or carpet on this
mock ice road we are we creating the
effects black ice it's interesting that
the car handles surprisingly well given
its size the DSC give gentle pushes a
power to the wheels helping you answer
sticky spots in the ice the XF diesel
has been a massive success and has been
the saloon of choice for many of us
Brits I'm a little more unsure about the
XJ 3-litre diesel v6 to convince me
otherwise I went for a spin on the track
so although with taking it out on the
track it's more for demonstrate the road
it's more about the car yes like a
simulated road drives really we don't
know with me we're just looking at sort
of technique get a filter class who you
think of it handling wise and
performance lies within the car handles
incredibly well much better in fact
there might be in w 7 series 3 litre
diesel averaging 46 miles per gallon
with speed into 16 6 seconds the XJ is a
very nice car although not as quick as
its petrol engine sister
just before we jump in the xkr-s with
our professional racing driver Michael
fanwood we're just taking the
opportunity tough a little look at this
it's the new jag XF Sportbrake due for
release at the end of november 2012
sports break is available now and starts
from just on the 32 thousand pound the
boot space is a little bigger than its
jim and 5 series competitor Jack you are
not running with the line or balanced
for this car and I think it's songs the
vehicle up perfectly if you're looking
for a sporty an executive car with all
the practicality of an SUV then this is
the perfect vehicle time to head out
with Michael around the track to get a
feel for the corners hi everybody we're
in a Jaguar xkr-s their top of the range
sports car with 550 horsepower pretty
hardcore and jaguars way telling
everybody that they can make fantastic
products I think there's been a lot of
prejudice against the brand some people
would associate Jaguar with slippers and
cigars but now the making products like
this I think he's difficult for them to
do that how about a second to put this
to the test in either is it than that
Park now this is regarded by most
professional drivers as one of the most
challenging circuits in Europe with
massive engines blind crests really nice
view of the lake at this point getting
thrown around the cabin top on 100 miles
an hour I was wondering why Michael have
a helmet on and I didn't his car
generates when it's flat out at 118
now and generates 1.8 tons of downforce
do that a lot quicker than what I did it
in the XJ before as well yeah mass
always catches up with you but they're
pretty good the excuse to get a sense of
jackie was current market position plus
to get the inside word i went to speak
to Marcus woll from Jackie a lot of
people love Jaguar but they're not that
familiar with our product and they're a
small brand relative to the German
competition jaguar designs cars to be
driven first and foremost amenity
beautiful but they've got to be drivers
parsley we like to show off how good the
XF diesel is because this is a car
that's really taking an emotional by
storm afraid it's 1 over 80
international awards and it just goes to
show you don't have to have a
supercharged performance car other
supercharged with wings experienced all
the future is looking great for Jaguar
and Land Rover obviously politics a my
organization turn around enough fortunes
in amazingly we're making record profits
Tartars in brilliant for us we're
investing a lot of money not just in
dragon land over in the British economy
with very very big investors in research
and development over the next five years
so we'll be launching I think it's
something like 40 new mobile stroke
derivatives of possibly brands so
Sportbrake outside it's really just the
beginning of it or feels well I'm not
allowed to talk about future product any
further than that I've had a great day
at Oulton Park topped by getting the
keys to this brand new 5-liter v8 X Jane
time to put my driving ability to the
test under the watchful eye of a rather
angry pro driver what you gonna race
track repairs on the road
right before the time I keep going to
going in some exquisite honest keep
going okay okay great quite happy now
great quite heavy heavy heavy heavy plus
two right now break it to red light up
to it and stick look to it miss miltern
Australia hello until then so the reason
the car if it is peanut accelerating
jumper put your turn at least I get to
do what you asked to elect Lionel burner
so great in a straight line to straight
line across the corner now to go like
that you've got a stressful job and with
that I shy back to the pit lanes for a
break and booty and two shell of my
ambition of ever becoming a racing
driver
you